#### Course list
https://github.com/andrews1022/web-development-2020-course-list

#### Mozilla MDN
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn

#### HTML & CSS
https://www.internetingishard.com/  
https://github.com/smeriwether/html-and-css-is-hard

#### Complete tutorial on ES6 features
https://babeljs.io/docs/en/learn  

#### Digitalocean vanilla javascript frontend series
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorial_series/how-to-code-in-javascript  

#### Bootstrap
https://websitesetup.org/bootstrap-tutorial-for-beginners/  
https://www.taniarascia.com/what-is-bootstrap-and-how-do-i-use-it/  

#### FreeCodeCamp
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/i-completed-the-entire-freecodecamp-curriculum-in-a-month-while-recording-everything/

#### Full social network app
https://www.southdevondigital.com/blog/using-react-react-router-to-make-a-social-network-frontend/  

#### Books
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Introduction  
https://github.com/thejsway/thejsway   
https://frontendmasters.com/books/javascript-enlightenment/#1  
http://domenlightenment.com/  
https://eloquentjavascript.net/  
https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read/  
http://bonsaiden.github.io/JavaScript-Garden/  
https://exploringjs.com/impatient-js/toc.html   
https://exploringjs.com/es6/  
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS  
https://jsbooks.revolunet.com/  
https://exploringjs.com/es2016-es2017/index.html  

#### Tutorials
#### Modern javascript
https://javascript.info/  
https://www.modernjs.com/  

#### Tania's ES6 tutorial
https://www.taniarascia.com/es6-syntax-and-feature-overview/  

#### Writing a TODO app in vanilla javascript
https://freshman.tech/todo-list/  

#### Writing a complete app without a framework
https://www.sitepoint.com/single-page-app-without-framework/  

#### Debugging js apps in VS code
https://www.sitepoint.com/debugging-javascript-projects-vs-code-chrome-debugger/  

#### Javascript for react (great, must read) 
https://www.robinwieruch.de/javascript-fundamentals-react-requirements  
https://kentcdodds.com/blog/javascript-to-know-for-react?ck_subscriber_id=950128633  

#### Complete basic React tutorial
https://www.modernjs.com/react-tutorial.html  

#### Writing a nodejs CLI app
https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-command-line-interface-cli-node-js/  

#### Getting started with redux
https://www.sitepoint.com/getting-started-redux/  

#### Build a complete app with Go and vuejs
https://www.sitepoint.com/build-a-single-page-app-with-go-and-vue/  

#### Using async/await in node.js
https://blog.risingstack.com/mastering-async-await-in-nodejs/  

#### Complete example using Flask, React, Material UI  
https://developer.okta.com/blog/2018/12/20/crud-app-with-python-flask-react  

#### Examples
#### Vanilla JS
https://github.com/bradtraversy/modern_js_udemy_projects  
https://github.com/bradtraversy/vanillawebprojects  
https://github.com/bogadrian  

#### React
#### React movie list tutorial
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-movie-app-tutorial/  

#### React in 10 hours free course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UZrsTqkcW4  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/solidify-your-react-skills-by-building-15-projects/  

#### React philosophy for web designers
https://www.freecodecamp.org amer.com/blog/posts/react-for-web-designers/  

#### Very good react from scratch tutorial  
https://www.taniarascia.com/getting-started-with-react/  
https://github.com/taniarascia/react-tutorial  

#### How to setup babel and webpack for react
https://www.valentinog.com/blog/babel/  

#### Very simple react app
https://github.com/when-i-code/quiz?files=1  

#### Excellent react application and course (12h)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_u6P5k0vP0

#### Redux tutorial (very good explanations)  
https://www.valentinog.com/blog/redux/  

#### Svelte tutorial
https://scotch.io/tutorials/building-my-first-svelte-app-thoughts-and-impressions  
